3 - Conversation with corrections - 19/04/2018  (I'm fed up with the story...please: can we change the text? hum?)

I have a sad story to tell you...In.. I don’t know if you know about this but(...) I hired one person to clean my house,I used to have other woman that worked in my house cleaning every Tuesday, weekly, so, that woman got a formal job and she doesn’t have more than two hours to spend to clean my house, so I got other person.
So I found the new person to clean my house. That person lives in my street and that’s a neighbor, so the only problem, I have two problems with that woman. She can only do this in saturday and she need to start early. So, on Saturday, nowadays, I wake up at about 6 and 7 am and I need to get out my house to leave the house free for her… The second problem is the woman has many problems with her family and every time she is in the cell phone typing and sending a voice message, so that’s no problem, I don’t have a problem with this. This a problem because she doesn't type or send a voice message sometimes. She sends every time, but, the biggest problem is that messages and voice sound is about confusions that her daughter makes her grandson, she gets more nervous and this destabilized with the situation and she loses  focus of work and is because she is working near ,to her house .
So on Saturday the situation was more complicated because her daughter said that would kill her grandson by voice message, the situation is very sad I was, I am very pissed off, I needed to use this expression here(...) I will get the charger(...)
So on Saturday the situation was complicated because her daughter said this that she said that she was going to kill her son? That woman, Her name is Heloisa. So Heloisa got more destabilized and nervous and started to cry, so I said to her: if you need to go to her home to resolve the situation so you come back when you finish it. So, her daughter won’t kill her grandson, she isn't crazy(...)
After this, when heloisa leaves my house, quickly I change my internet password, my wifi password, when she came back, she says: oh I don’t know... I couldn’t connect to the internet, there is a problem.. “oh this internet is very bad, sometimes the internet stay off”, so the problem solved.
